James Ellison what brings you to the
2012 TT just the excitement to be honest
I came in 2009 to watch one and back in
the day 91 we made out and just really
enjoyed it so I'd sort to come back and
I brought my wife over as well she's
from Texas so never experienced anything
like the TT so a look for what's a good
racing so you've had the chance to see
some racing before what do you think of
the TT as an event and for me as a rider
i think it's not to be honest but
exciting at the same time the guys got
I've got a lot respect for the guys at
theory and it's just amazing if you
actually think about what they're doing
out there and all the corners all the
air pictures you've got to hit the brick
in markers and it's just invent so as a
ride up and I can respect it and relate
to it but yeah absolutely crazy
obviously the TTM recent years had
guests from motogp and will suit by and
bridge suit bike do you think in
motorcycling terms globally the tt's
growing as an event I think so yeah and
for the same reason you know the guys
have come for more gb to see days I've
seen it on TV maybe I heard about it but
until you're actually here and
experience it you don't really
appreciate fully how you know how
amazing actually is so I think that's
what's made it grow you know these guys
like Lorenzo Rasta the volcom of and
seen it I just gone Wow and then I think
it's just start to gather a bit more
momentum so hopefully just keep moving
forward you've obviously had a couple of
days in the Isle of Man not necessarily
a best of weather this year but if you
had a chance to soak up a little bit the
atmosphere and seal up in the Isle of
Man what you think of the place yeah I
love it i mean i spent about three weeks
ago a couple of years ago I just using
the hyperbaric chamber to recover from a
leg injury so I got to experience a
little bit then it's just such a
friendly place I mean it obviously is a
fairly small island so everybody kind of
knows everyone what they're just the
community is amazing over it and
everyone's so friendly I mean you know
you've seen this weekend with the
weather rather inclement for her over
here and a lot of you know about a few
cancellations and stuff and everybody
seems to be so I'm just waiting and
whatever and and the public had just
been amazing
you know getting people into the house
is a complete strangers and saying it up
a shower and here's a cup of tea and
wash your clothes and it's just
incredible so it's definitely special
over it thus often people who are keen
to try and compare short circuit riders
with the road races very difficult to do
that very different disciplines how do
you feel about road racers do you view
them as professional sportsman the same
way you would somebody doing your job oh
yeah without question and but there is
that I think there's a different mindset
in in rod road racing rather than short
circuit racing which is why it's hard to
sew some of the guys to adapt I mean
just off the top of my head I think one
guy who one of the main guys who's done
that steep later you know he's quick on
short circuits and he's quick over here
but it is very rare to see and even even
mcginnis I mean yeah he's a good circuit
rider but over here is absolutely
incredible and it is just that different
mindset you've got to kind of reset your
brain into a different way of racing a
motorcycle book but you know there's
still a fleet sand they're still
professional athletes as well at that so
just a different breed you obviously
have a lot of experience you've raced at
the very highest levels obvious question
really would you ever consider racing
here or even just taking the parade lap
let me think about that no definitely
not I dare I would love to do a parade
laughs I mean we were hoping to get one
done yesterday but the weather was a
little bit iffy and yeah I just want to
experience it but I would never ever in
a million years command racy because I
just know I haven't got that kind of
skill to do it and like I said different
breed but you do feel there is a place
for events like the TT alongside all the
other fine motor cycling events we have
absolutely i don't think you think it'd
be very slowly missed if if you didn't
run the TT i mean it's just is the event
every year you know everybody looks
forward to I mean I was watching on TV
but it's just extra special to be here
so when long may it continue
you